we're desperate
for information about france
churchill has asked us to create a
secret army of spies
[Music]
this is a rudimentary operation women
will be more
inconspicuous make sure they're pretty
for you
or for the germans i don't believe we've
met
virginia hall we could set her up as a
journalist good lord vera she has a
wooden leg
would you suspect this girl's a spy
rumor has it you
are the best wireless operator in the
women's auxiliary air force
signaling is like music there is a
rhythm to it a pacifist and they are
teaching us to
kill they're training us to survive
we need you as our first female field
agent
don't be fooled common folks are
becoming collaborators
acquire information build resistance oh
gosh
and set france ablaze
if you have any doubts tell me now
this feels dangerous we're here now
seeing it through
[Music]
we have no choice but to learn the hard
way how to do this
trial and
a lot of error
come on let's go go now the germans are
locating our signals faster than
anticipated
we must keep trying
who is she i'm going to ask one more
time
the germans will stop at nothing till
they find you i'm not giving up
we're not giving
you know we're up only for a short time
but what we do while we're here
changes the course of the future
[Music]
you